[DOCS] Updates screenshots in Discover docs (#132854)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/discover.asciidoc

[[share-your-findings]]
=== Share your findings

To share your findings with a larger audience, click *Share* in the *Discover* toolbar.
For detailed information about the sharing options, refer to <<reporting-getting-started,Reporting>>.

[float]
[[alert-from-Discover]]

> === Generate an alert

Reviewer: Since the other sections talk about findings it likely makes sense to use plural here too
```suggestion
=== Generate alerts
```

> From *Discover*, you can create an alert to periodically

Reviewer: Terminology wise, you don't create an alert. You create a rule, which does stuff when conditions are met (which are tracked via alerts):
```suggestion
From *Discover*, you can create a rule to periodically
```

check when data goes above or below a certain threshold within a given time interval.

. Ensure that your data view,
query, and filters fetch the data for which you want an alert.
. In the toolbar, click *Alerts > Create search threshold rule*.
+
The *Create rule* form is pre-filled with the latest query sent to {es}.
. <<rule-type-es-query, Configure your query>> and <<action-types, select a connector type>>.

> . Click *Save*.

Reviewer: Not mandatory, but since this is just a single type of rule offered here, it might be nice to refer them to more information about all the other types of rules they can create in the other apps.  For example, something like:
```suggestion
. Click *Save*.

For more about this and other rules provided in {kib} {alert-features}, go to <<alerting-getting-started>>.
```

[[share-your-findings]]
=== Share your findings

To share your findings with a larger audience, click *Share* in the *Discover* toolbar.
For detailed information about the sharing options, refer to <<reporting-getting-started,Reporting>>.

[float]
[[alert-from-Discover]]

> === Create alert rules

Reviewer: "Alert rules" isn't a term we've used elsewhere in the docs, so I'd suggest:
```suggestion
=== Create rules for alerting
```
or
> === Generate alerts

> === Create alert rules

Author: ```suggestion
=== Generate alerts
```

> To create an alert rule from *Discover*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a rule from *Discover*,
```

click *Alerts* in the toolbar. Then build the data view, query,
and filters that match the data for which you want the alert notification.

> For detailed information, refer to <<alerting-getting-started, Alerting>>.

Reviewer 2: We should advise here to first use Discover to choose the data view, query, filters to get the data one would love to have alerts when new data is inserted into Elasticsearch. Because the latest query sent to Elasticsearch is used to prefill the form in the alert flyout. Happy to demo this if something's unclear about that.

* <<discover-search-for-relevance, Search for relevance>>.

> * <<alerting-getting-started, Create an alert from Discover>>.

Reviewer: Couple of thoughts on this bullet:
> * <<alerting-getting-started, Create an alert from Discover>>.
1) I think linking on this phrase is perhaps misleading, since that page won't tell you how to do the task in Discover. Can the link be at the end a la "Learn more"?
2) I think the preferred terminology is to "create a rule" not "create an alert", since the rule defines when/if alerts are generated.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest **alert rule** for that.

Reviewer: Interestingly, we use "alert rule" in the ML app but seemingly nowhere else and not in the docs.  I'll try to suggest something in your latest text, @gchaps

> In the toolbar, click *Alerts*, and then

Reviewer 2: One important thing we should mention. The alert rule form is pre-populated by data view, query, filters of the last request to ElasticSearch of the Discover main view.

A recommendation would be to 
1. Build a data view, query, filters that matches your need for the data you wanna get an alert notification for, then to click "Create search threshold rule". Of course you could modify the alert rule configuration later on
